{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 W3resources practise: \
\
1. select * from salesman ( optional, limit number)\
6. SELECT name, commission \
	FROM salesman;\
7. select ord_no, purch_amt, ord_date, customer_id, salesman_id from orders\
	order by ord_date desc, ord_no asc, purch_amt desc;\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
8.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a query which will retrieve the value of salesman id of all salesmen, getting orders from the customers in orders table without any repeats.\
 => select distinct salesman_id\
from orders;\
\

\f1\b 9.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL statement to display names and city of salesman, who belongs to the city of Paris.\
=> select name, city\
from salesman\
where city='Paris';\
\

\f1\b 10.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL statement to display all the information for those customers with a grade of 200.\
=> select * from customer\
where grade = 200;\
\

\f1\b 11.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL query to display the order number followed by order date and the purchase amount for each order which will be delivered by the salesman who is holding the ID 5001.\
=> select ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt from orders\
where salesman_id = 5001\
\

\f1\b 12.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL query to display the Nobel prizes for 1970.\
=> select subject, winner from nobel_win\
	where year = 1970\
\

\f1\b 13.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL query to know the winner of the 1971 prize for Literature.\'a0\
=> select winner from nobel_win\
where year = 1971 and subject = 'Literature';\
\

\f1\b 14.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL query to display the year and subject that won 'Dennis Gabor' his prize.\
=> select year, subject from nobel_win\
where winner = 'Dennis Gabor';\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 15.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL query to give the name of the 'Physics' winners since the year 1950.\
=> select winner from nobel_win\
	where subject = 'Physics' and year >= 1950;\
\

\f1\b 16.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a SQL query to Show all the details (year, subject, winner, country ) of the Chemistry prize winners between the year 1965 to 1975 inclusive.\
=> select year, subject, winner, country from nobel_win\
where year >= 1965 and year <= 1975;\
\

\f1\b SUBQUERIES PRACTISE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 1.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a query to display all the orders from the orders table issued by the salesman 'Paul Adam'.\'a0\
=> select ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt\
from Orders\
where salesman_id = (select salesman_id from Salesman where name = 'Paul Adam')\
\

\f1\b 2.\'a0
\f0\b0 Write a query to display all the orders for the salesman who belongs to the city London.\
=> select ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt from Orders\
where salesman_id = (select salesman_id from Salesman where city = 'London')\
\

\f1\b 3.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a query to find all the orders issued against the salesman who may works for customer whose id is 3007.\
=> select ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt, salesman_id from Orders where salesman_id = (select salesman_id from Orders where customer_id = 3007)\
\
4. Write a query to display all the orders which values are greater than the average order value for 10th October 2012.\
=> select ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt, salesman_id from Orders where purch_amt > (select avg(purch_amt) from Orders where ord_date='2012/10/10')\
\

\f1\b 5.
\f0\b0 \'a0Write a query to find all orders attributed to a salesman in New york.\'a0\
=> select ord_no, ord_date, purch_amt, salesman_id from Orders where salesman_id = (select salesman_id from Salesman where city='New York')\
\
}